Incorporate Sterling's release notes feedback (#22275)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_7.adoc

==== Internal DependencyFactory was renamed
The internal `org.gradle.api.internal.artifacts.dsl.dependencies.DependencyFactory` type was renamed to `org.gradle.api.internal.artifacts.dsl.dependencies.DependencyFactoryInternal`. As an internal type, it should not be used, but for compatibility reasons the inner `ClassPathNotation` type is still available. This name for the type is deprecated and will be removed in Gradle 8.0. The public API for this is on `DependencyHandler`, with methods such as `localGroovy()` providing the same functionality.

==== Replacement collections in `org.gradle.plugins.ide.idea.model.IdeaModule`

The `testResourcesDirs` and `testSourcesDirs` fields and their getters and setters have been deprecated.
Replace usages with the now stable `getTestSources()` and `getTestResources()` methods and their respective setters.
These new methods return and are backed by `ConfigurableFileCollection` instances for improved flexibility of use.

> Gradle now warns upon usage of these deprecated methods. They will be removed in Gradle 8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle now warns upon usage of these deprecated methods. They will be removed in a future version of Gradle.
```
